Update for Livesync for S3 docs (#4058)
timescale/docs: migrate/livesync-for-s3.md

# Livesync from S3 to Timescale Cloud

> You use $LIVESYNC to synchronize CSV and Parquet files from an S3 bucket to your Timescale Cloud service in real time. $LIVESYNC runs continuously, enabling you to leverage Timescale Cloud as your analytics database with data constantly synced from S3. This lets you take full advantage of Timescale Cloud's real-time analytics capabilities without having to develop or manage custom ETL solutions between S3 and Timescale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use $LIVESYNC to synchronize CSV and Parquet files from an S3 bucket to your $SERVICE_LONG in real time. $LIVESYNC runs continuously, enabling you to leverage $CLOUD_LONG as your analytics database with data constantly synced from S3. This lets you take full advantage of $CLOUD_LONG's real-time analytics capabilities without having to develop or manage custom ETL solutions between S3 and $CLOUD_LONG.
```

![$LIVESYNC_CAP view status](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/livesync-s3-view-status.png)

> You can use Livesync to synchronize your existing and new data. Here's what Livesync can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use $LIVESYNC to synchronize your existing and new data. Here's what $LIVESYNC can do:
```

> * Sync data from an S3 bucket instance to a Timescale Cloud service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sync data from an S3 bucket instance to a $SERVICE_LONG:
```

>     - Livesync uses Glob patterns to identify the objects to sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use glob patterns to identify the objects to sync.
```

    - Livesync uses the objects returned for subsequent queries. This efficient approach means files are synced in [lexicographical order][lex-order].
    - Livesync watches an S3 bucket for new files and imports them automatically. It runs on a configurable schedule and tracks processed files.

>     - For large backlogs, Livesync checks every minute until caught up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For large backlogs, $LIVESYNC checks every minute until caught up. 
```

* Sync data from multiple file formats:
    - CSV: Files are checked for compression in `.gz` and `.zip` format, then processed using [timescaledb-parallel-copy][parallel-copy]
    - Parquet: Files are converted to CSV, then processed using [timescaledb-parallel-copy][parallel-copy]

> * Livesync offer an option to enable an [hypertable][about-hypertables] during the file-to-table schema mapping setup. You can enable [columnstore][compression] and [continuous aggregates][caggs] through the SQL editor once Livesync has started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Livesync offer an option to enable an [hypertable][about-hypertables] during the file-to-table schema mapping setup. You can enable [columnstore][compression] and [continuous aggregates][caggs] through the SQL editor once $LIVESYNC has started.
```

> * Livesync offers a default 1-minute polling interval, meaning Timescale checks the S3 source every minute for new data. You can customize this interval by setting up a cron expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Livesync offers a default 1-minute polling interval. This means that $CLOUD_LONG checks the S3 source every minute for new data. You can customize this interval by setting up a cron expression.
```

Livesync for S3 continuously imports data from an Amazon S3 bucket into your database. It monitors your S3 bucket for new files matching a specified pattern and automatically imports them into your designated database table.

> **Note**: Livesync for S3 currently only syncs existing and new files—it does not support updating or deleting records based on updates and deletes from S3 to Timescale tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Livesync for S3 currently only syncs existing and new files—it does not support updating or deleting records based on updates and deletes from S3 to tables in a $SERVICE_LONG.
```
